content/pages/docs/index.md, before:

section: Docs
pagetype: major
title: IPFS Docs
constellation: constellation-01.svg
save_as: docs/index.html

## Code

These are links to some of the IPFS repositories.

- [github.com/ipfs/ipfs](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs) - The original IPFS paper, with the main spec.
- [github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs) - The main, reference implementation.
- [github.com/ipfs/specs](https://github.com/ipfs/specs) - Technical specs for IPFS.
- [Project Directory](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs#project-directory) - A directory of all IPFS repositories. _WIP_
- [Project directory status board](http://project-repos.ipfs.io/) - This board checks shows CI and Readme status for all IPFS repos.
- [Search github for "ipfs"](https://github.com/search?q=ipfs&ref=searchresults&type=Repositories&utf8=%E2%9C%93).

## Community

- github: [github.com/ipfs/ipfs](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs) as a landing repository, with links to various other repositories.
- github: [github.com/ipfs/support](https://github.com/ipfs/support) for issues with getting ipfs up and running.
- github: [github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs) for the go-ipfs implementation.
- github: [github.com/ipfs/faq](https://github.com/ipfs/faq) for questions you might have about IPFS.
- github: [github.com/ipfs/awesome-ipfs](https://github.com/ipfs/awesome-ipfs) an [awesome-*](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list of lists to awesome IPFS resources, tools, and applications built on IPFS.
- IRC: [#ipfs on chat.freenode.net](irc://chat.freenode.net/ipfs) for live help + some dev discussions ([Logs](https://botbot.me/freenode/ipfs/))
- Google Group: [ipfs-users@groups.google.com](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ipfs-users)
- Twitter: [@IPFSbot](https://twitter.com/ipfsbot) for some news.
- github: [github.com/ipfs/community](https://github.com/ipfs/community) for meta-questions on how we manage our community in general.

Commit message:

Added ipfs/reading-list to docs links
see https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/164

content/pages/docs/index.md, after:

section: Docs
pagetype: major
title: IPFS Docs
constellation: constellation-01.svg
save_as: docs/index.html

## Code

These are links to some of the IPFS repositories.

- [github.com/ipfs/ipfs](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs) - The original IPFS paper, with the main spec.
- [github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs) - The main, reference implementation.
- [github.com/ipfs/specs](https://github.com/ipfs/specs) - Technical specs for IPFS.
- [Project Directory](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs#project-directory) - A directory of all IPFS repositories. _WIP_
- [Project directory status board](http://project-repos.ipfs.io/) - This board checks shows CI and Readme status for all IPFS repos.
- [Search github for "ipfs"](https://github.com/search?q=ipfs&ref=searchresults&type=Repositories&utf8=%E2%9C%93).

## Community

- github: [github.com/ipfs/ipfs](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs) as a landing repository, with links to various other repositories.
- github: [github.com/ipfs/support](https://github.com/ipfs/support) for issues with getting ipfs up and running.
- github: [github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs) for the go-ipfs implementation.
- github: [github.com/ipfs/faq](https://github.com/ipfs/faq) for questions you might have about IPFS.
- github: [github.com/ipfs/reading-list](https://github.com/ipfs/reading-list) for apers to read to understand IPFS.
- github: [github.com/ipfs/awesome-ipfs](https://github.com/ipfs/awesome-ipfs) an [awesome-*](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list of lists to awesome IPFS resources, tools, and applications built on IPFS.
- IRC: [#ipfs on chat.freenode.net](irc://chat.freenode.net/ipfs) for live help + some dev discussions ([Logs](https://botbot.me/freenode/ipfs/))
- Google Group: [ipfs-users@groups.google.com](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ipfs-users)
- Twitter: [@IPFSbot](https://twitter.com/ipfsbot) for some news.
- github: [github.com/ipfs/community](https://github.com/ipfs/community) for meta-questions on how we manage our community in general.
